this episode is brought to you by
Adorama if you're looking for a
photography video imaging or techniques
be sure to check out Adorama's calm hi
this is rich harrington for adoramatv
and i have swung by the low booth to
take a look at a brand-new product now
it looks like a power drill but it's not
a power drill what do you have there in
your hands it's called the lowell gl1
power LED it was designed for us in
collaboration with two high-profile
wedding photographers Brian Marcus and
John Solano and they were looking for
something that they could use to take
advantage of the higher ISO cameras to
be able to capture more of the natural
light of a low-lit room but put some
light just where they wanted it so this
is a tungsten color powerful LED source
it's dimmable and focusable and so let
me just write that down for you guys so
it's handheld designed to actually be
taken with you two locations to fill in
light where maybe it's just a tad dark
and you don't have to be lugging around
big lights and stands you can put this
on a tripod or on the lighting stand or
hand hold it and then what you just
trigger it and you've got a powerful
burst of light yes as I say it's
dimmable with a trigger so you can see
the level fluctuating you also have the
ability to lock the light on and then
dim it with this wheel in the back and
that would be for more stationary use
and we actually have the controls here
to like a real spotlight we can adjust
this right and focus it to spot spot to
flood it's got about a six to one
focusing range and it's quite powerful
from a distance you can light pretty
effectively from 20 feet or so and I've
noticed unlike certain lights this is
actually seems completely silent right
and it's cool to the touch yeah LEDs as
you know do not vent their heat from the
front they vent their heat from the back
this has a very very quiet diaphragm
cooling system so it does have a cooling
system in it but it's very quiet alright
so this seems to be a perfect life for
those of you looking for some extra
light as you're out doing still shooting
but I actually know a couple you guys
are video shooters as well and this
seems to be a good idea it has about an
hour and a half of continuous power use
if you needed portable and the battery
pack is switchable right the battery
just pops out rechargeable it comes with
battery
AC supply and charger and there are
accessory batteries available it also
has an 82 millimeter screw thread in the
front so you could put a daylight
correction filter on it if you're
working in a daylight environment well
this looks really flexible and if you
want to you can head on over to a dorama
and actually pick this up is the
shipping right now or when can people
expect this oh it's shipping now I like
when people announce new products and
say it's shipping at the same time as
opposed you have to keep waiting well
that's great thank you for telling us
all about this is there anything else
people should know about this cool new
lighting instrument well I think that
the thing that it brings to their
working arrangement is a new creative
option suddenly they got light they can
put anywhere and what what's great about
it is the wedding guys have worked out a
whole set of hand signals with their
assistants focus in a little more a
little up little down on the dimming so
that from a distance they can plant
light where they need it and if they
need a second shooter or need help they
could just fire it off to the ceiling
like the bat signal sure for adoramatv
my name's rich Arrington
for all the latest photography video and
computer gear visit adorama.com place
your order by 8 p.m. and it ships same
day plus next time you're in New York
City be sure to visit our store located
on 18 street between fifth and sixth
Avenue